THESE BUGS WERE HAPPENING WHEN I WAS BUILDING THE AUTOMATION, BUT SEEMS THEY'RE NOT HAPPENING ANYMORE.

1:
Title: Post Comment is not working, returns 401 Unauthorized

Steps to Reproduce:

1-Go to Vue Vuex RealWorld application (https://vue-vuex-realworld.netlify.app/#/).
2-Log in using valid credentials.
3-Go to any article.
4-Write a comment on the article.

Expected Result:

The comment should be posted and displayed under the article.

Actual Result:

The comment is not posted and a 401 Unauthorized error is returned.

2: 
Title: Post an article is not working, returns 401 Unauthorized

Steps to Reproduce:

1-Go to Vue Vuex RealWorld application (https://vue-vuex-realworld.netlify.app/#/).
2-Log in using valid credentials.
3-Go to "New Article" section.
4-Fill in the article details.
5-Click on "Publish Article".

Expected Result:

The article should be successfully posted and visible. 

Actual Result:

The article is not posted and a 401 Unauthorized error is returned.

3: 
Title: Authentication Errors and Unhandled Promise Rejections in auth.module.js and home.module.js

Description:
There are multiple issues related to authentication and error handling in the application. 

Steps to Reproduce:

Try to access the application when the user is not authenticated or when the token is expired/invalid.
But seems this issue is happning when the user is authenticated. Probably causing by caching or something else.
Look the error in the console.

Expected Behavior:

The application handle it appropriately by redirecting the user to the login page or showing a correct error message.

Actual Behavior:

The application is trying to load the pages forever and nothing happens.
The following erros are displayed in the console:
TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'data') in auth.module.js at line 64.
Unhandled promise rejection: Error: [RWV] ApiService Error: Request failed with status code 401 in home.module.js at line 40.

Logs:

at auth.module.js:64:46
api.realworld.io/api/user/:1 Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 401 ()
auth.module.js:64 Uncaught (in promise) TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'data')
    at auth.module.js:64:46
api.realworld.io/api/articles/feed?offset=0&limit=10:1 Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 401 ()
home.module.js:40 Uncaught (in promise) Error: Error: [RWV] ApiService Error: Request failed with status code 401
    at home.module.js:40:15
